A small question to start things ofF: when a US Postal Service drop-off mailbox says there's a collection at 5 pm, does it mean they actually pick up the mail around 5, or does it mean, "We'll pick up the mail sometime today, no later than 5, and you have no way to know whether we've picked it up or not."?

At a couple of Mcdonalds they have TVs on the wall on mute with a sign underneath saying "Volume must remain off per FCC regulations" What's up with that?

On a scale from "Well it isn't .com, but so what?" to "Filter with extreme prejudice ala .ru/.cn," how trustworthy is India's .in TLD?

Once upon a time someone mentioned to me that incredibly purified water is used in some industrial or scientific processes and that to touch this water would be harmful, because it would suck nutrients from the skin via osmosis.Is there any truth to this? I have looked up purified water on wikipedia but it only talks about the harmful effects of drinking it - not touching it.

If USPS's website says they've delivered a package to my home, and I never received a package, there is basically fuckall I can do about it, right?

I guess my next question is, how do I stop feeling suicidal when little things go wrong?

How do you not be boring in conversation, small talk or anything? 

I have a PDF that's about 20mbs and is approximately 300 pages I think. I'm trying to be able to view the PDF on my iPad. For some reason it doesn't format right on the iPad. The pictures are perfectly fine but the words get pushed together somehow and you're mot able to read anything. The only thing I can think of is because it has OCR (it's a scanned strategy guide). I tried converting to other formats with mo luck. Ismt there a way to make it a normal, old school PDF? Where every page is essentially a picture??

I noticed my sister's vehicle has song/artist info for basic FM radio. How does this work? Does a radio signal broadcast more than just the sound?

If I put a piece of irradiated food in a sterile vacuum chamber, would it last forever?

How long should it take for a company (specifically, Amazon.com) to charge my debit card? I used it for three purchases on their website (one each on the 26th, 27th, and 29th), and none of them are listed in the charges on my card. I have actually received one of the three items, and I'm due to receive the other two tomorrow, if Amazon's shipping estimations are correct.

Does a higher elevation help with stargazing?

If I mix 1 L water at 20° C with 1 L water at 40°, do I get 2 L water at 30°, or is it somehow more complicated than that? How about 500 mL 20° with 1 L 40° - would I get 35° water? Or would it take 1.5 L of 40°?
I feel like high-school chemistry prepared me for this, but all I remember is PV=nRT, and I don't remember how I'm supposed to use 'n' in this situation.

So I just got contacts for the first time in my life now that I'm pushing thirty. Seem to work well, but I'm plagued by the feeling of something in my eye. I realize that there is now a hunk of plastic resting on the surface of my eye, but is this something you get used to over time? If you've worn contacts for a long time, does it ever get to the point that it feels completely normal to have them in?

I'm (hoping I'm) flying West out of Boston, Saturday in the early morning.
It looks to be about exactly the time that "Earl" is projected to be cruising by there -but most likely some distance off the coast.
Do they close an airport/cancel or postpone flights for a Class 1 that is nearby and heading the other direction?


I'm a 17 year old junior in high school looking towards quitting and getting my GED either to enter college early or do something more productive than high school for a year. My SAT scores are well above average so I should be able to pass the GED easily.I'm a year old for my grade (parents started me in school late), so I'll be 18 if I enter college next year. So no worrying about the financial annoyances of being a minor in college.
I wouldn't want to miss my senior high school year except that I go to a private school with only a few people in my class. It's more like a "learning center" than a school I guess you could say..
Questions:
Would getting my GED after this semester (first half of junior year) be a good idea? I'm not sure what I would do with the rest of the year.. can one start ACC courses mid-year? Otherwise I suppose I could do volunteer work or get a job. Half a year of volunteer work wouldn't be bad for college applications
That brings up another issue.. is it very likely I'd be able to apply to colleges for next year? What's the latest time of year I could send stuff in?
And if I did do volunteer work/ACC courses instead of finishing out my junior year, I guess I couldn't put that on my transcript

Is there any truth to the perception that microwaved foods and liquids seem to cool down faster than normally heated items?

I am 28 years old and have never touched a car part in my life except to maybe put a little oil in my car. How or where can I learn to start learning the basics of how an engine and car works and how to service my own car? This is something that I've wanted to do for a long time, but I have no idea where to go about learning it.

Why do characters in movies and TV always say that they want to "call their lawyer"?
Don't most people just hire lawyers on an ad hoc basis? Maybe some people do have their own lawyers, but isn't this mostly rich people? In TV and movies it seems like everyone has their own lawyer just waiting in the wings.

I am trying to make a bunch of stupid gifs from a video but adobe premier exports the gifs with scan lines in them what is a good program to use to convert short video clips (1-3 seconds) into gifs?

What's a good low-mid range wireless router? The one I used to have was terrible.

Sometimes on sunny days I see people (okay, women) (okay, usually Asian women and usually older) walking around with umbrellas to protect them from the sun. I have very fair skin that burns easily (never tans, just burns & goes back to pale) and this seems like a great idea. Sunscreen is okay, but it itches & makes me sticky, and also sometimes I'm not expecting to be out very long and welp 15 minutes later I'm burned so it'd be easier to carry a small umbrella in my bag just in case.
my question is: just how eccentric/stupid does it look to you? I know this shouldn't matter, but I'd like to get some other impressions regardless.


I'm posting this question for my friend who would like to see if anyone has any experience with this kind of stuff:
I recently resigned from my place of employment because I was pretty much forced out, it was going to lead to being fired. My supervisor was verbally very abusing and had made my life very difficult in addition to scheming to get me fired. Anyway, upon leaving the company, they offered me a severance package which I have accepted - I guess because they didn't want me to sue them? The HR rep said I can say it was a mutual understanding between the company and I and I was headed towards termination. He would confirm this if I put it in the claim.
I was also paying 80% of my paycheck to day care which didnt make sense for me to work since the other 20% covered my commute expenses
I am trying to apply for California unemployment benefits, but for my reason for being unemployed, I'm not sure what to write to ensure I get accepted for benefiits. Two options are:
1. It was a mutual agreement between Company and I and I have received a severance package from Company (very vague).
2. I resigned from my position because my salary was pretty much covering day care costs + commute. I plan on working from home in tech evenings and on weekends when my husband can care for our children.
Since I accepted the severance package, part of it was that I cannot file anything against the company or bad mouth them in anyway. Plus the HR guy would not confirm this if I apply for benefits.
Anyone have any suggestions as to what is a stronger case?

What would happen, if anything, to a bird/cat/dog etc if it ate a black widow or brown recluse? Ignoring the possibility of the spider biting the animal as it was ingested, would the venom in the spider, upon entering the animal's digestive system, cause the animal to die?

Is there some nerd website that grades or tests the ridiculous designs of fictional (melee) weapons? I'm sure there must be, but I can't seem to find to google combination that doesn't bring up special effects tests, video game demos or similar. Some, like that Klingon sword or Riddick's Ulaks, look a little unwieldy but possibly effective, but others, like anything from a JRPG, look impossible, even with ultralight metals.
it would be awesome if there was a youtube channel that put replica weapons in the hands of actual weapons masters and had them point out flaws or strengths.

Is is possible on Facebook to have status updates and pictures and poo poo visible to all your friends, but only certain people are allowed to add comments?

I swear there's a specific name/term for the crop pest control strategy where you leave rows or patches that act as a refuge for natural enemies of crop pests. I should know this, I know I used to know, but I just can't remember. Any AgriGoons know the answer?

My girlfriend bought a mobile phone from play.co.uk a few days ago, received it today, but when she opened it it's much smaller than she expected and she wants to return it and swap it for another model. However, looking at play.co.uk's return policy they say:
quote:
You may return any unopened item within 7 days of receiving it, for a full refund. We will refund your card once we have received and processed the item.
* We will only refund delivery costs if the return is a result of our error.
* We cannot refund or exchange an opened item unless it is faulty, or if the item was sent to you through our error.
Isn't this illegal? I thought the Distance Selling Act gave you 7 days to return goods, even if they'd been opened

Is there a way to block mail from a certain address? I'm talking about real SNAIL mail here, not email. An ex keeps sending letters and cards in the mail. As much as I've pleaded with him to stop, I still receive the occasional birthday card or "Hey what's up girl" letter... which my fiance is not too happy about.
can I just go to the post office and tell them to block his address and mark it "return to sender"? I've searched relentlessly on Google for the answer to this, with no avail.
(don't say get a restraining order, because I live in a different country, I'm not in jeopardy and I only receive a letter once every couple months usually)


Does anyone here have a MiFi/ know someone who does (more specifically, the Virgin Mobile MiFi)? I love the idea of being some kind of cyberpunk nerd
What's a franchise restaurant that has a good Monte Cristo sandwich?
is there an adjective or name that describes a person who likes things to be simple or simplified?
When there is a sudden altitude loss on a commercial plane (like for a second or two) do the stewardesses hit the ceiling? What do they do? Are they trained to respond a certain way?
How do I avoid having YouTube immediately remove my video for copyright content when I see that there are many other uploaders who have the same content up but not removed for a long time?
How do some uploaders on youtube have some picture (usually something sexually provocative) in the thumbnail for the video, but that image or scene is nowhere to be found in the video?
Does being at or below sea level affect performance of network cat5e or cat6 cabling?
How do I use an a cheapass analog multimeter to measure voltage?
I got my first auto-range digital meter at like age 10 in true nerd fashion but last week some emergency continuity-testing far away from home came up and prompted me to go buy the cheapest thing at walmart. I figured the resistance/continuity part out ok, now it's on my desk and I'm playing around with it.
I think I have it figured out, tell me if I'm right.
The only scale for dc voltage goes 0-250 with 5v hashes. it has a 2.5, 10, 50, 250 and 500vdc ranges on the selector.
If I put it in the 2.5vdc range and put the leads onto an aa cell it reads 155vdc.
Soo...since the range, 2.5 is a hundredth of the scale's max 250 and 155 / 100 is what an AA has, is that it? divide by 100 when using the 2.5vdc range?
divide by 25 when using the 10vdc range, divide by 5 when using the 50vdc etc etc.?
Multiply x 2 when using the 500vdc?
I'm pretty sure this has to be it but I've googled for like "how to use analog multimeter" and everything I've seen expects my meter face to have a separate scale for each range, I just have the one 0-250 one.
have a lamp that only takes 40w max bulbs. If i got a energy efficient bulb that used like 11w but is equivalent to 60w would that work or not?

This is probably a dumb question, but is there such a thing as a ceiling fan with built in stabilization to keep it from wobbling around when on high?

I have a new social security card coming into my new address. But at the social security office, i forgot to specify the apartment number. I'm freaking out, what do I do?
this is about those cards you get from coffee shops, or bagel shops or sandwich shops where they punch a hole, specifically Noah's Bagels. Its pretty easy to stamp these yourself right? What keeps people from doing it besides "honesty"?

Whats a good place to buy a lightbulb online

I've found some old motorcycle boots I want to ebay, but have no idea what size they are. Along the top of the boot in white writing there is A 302 8 7 27 - but there's no other indication of which of these is the sizes. These are Ashmans boots if that helps - is there any way I can find out what boots I have here?


I have some action figures that I got from my brother when he was going through a simplification phase. I want to sell them on ebay or SA mart or something, but I have no idea what the gently caress they are. What would be the best subforum to ask in? I think they might be anime action figures, but it's hard to tell.

When I am on Skype, I often get messaged by young Algerian men (even when I'm in invisible mode). I don't mind talking to strangers, but I'm just curious as to why they're almost always Algerian. Is everyone on Skype Algerian? Does this happen to other people or only me?

What kind of bug is this? Please don't tell me it's a Roach or I will cry.

What's the name of the french dish where they take a small bird, poke out it's eyes and feed it constantly and then drown it in scotch? 

I'm looking into getting a smaller-sized HDTV (somewhere around 32 inches) for my room, mainly for use with an Xbox 360, but I may look into getting a cable box in my room as well.
I was wondering, what's the difference between LCD and plasma? Which would be better to buy? And what do the HD numbers and letters mean? (for example, 720p and 1080i)

Tell me about getting pulled over.
I have been driving by myself since I was 14, and I am 27 now. Got pulled over for the first time ever.
So Friday night around 9 PM I got pulled over for going through an intersection with a green right turn arrow. The officer said I needed to come to a complete stop before turning right, and I said I didn't because there was a separate green turn arrow, and it was green. He said he could see over the top of my car that it was red. He questioned me for about five minutes, gave me a sobriety test, and then went back to his car. He said he "checked his video" and that the light was "barely green", and that he wasn't going to issue me a ticket for it. He acted like he was doing me such a huge favor... I would hope he wouldn't write me a ticket for going through a green light.
1. Did he have a legal reason to pull me over, or did he just see five people in a car on a Friday night and want to check us out?
2. How much questioning do I have to endure? I remained respectful and answered his questions, but he asked where specifically I came from, what I ate, what I drank, where I was headed, who was in the car with me (wife, brother in law, brother in law's girlfriend, and sister in law), how long we spent at the restaurant, and stuff like that.
3. On what grounds can he issue a sobriety test? I was coming from a steakhouse, told him I hadn't had anything to drink other than Diet Coke. It isn't like I was coming from a bar. It was embarrassing to see people slow down and look as he makes me follow his pen all over without moving my head.
4. He didn't issue a ticket, and I don't remember his name. Should I bother complaining about this situation?
I just feel like I was being bullied for no reason. He didn't appear to be much older than I was, and he was treating me like I was some kind of teenager up to no good. I have a nice car, was dressed up since we were out to dinner, and feel like I went out of my way to appease him. I don't want to be tased or anything, but should I have stood up for myself some more?


I'm pretty sure I'm finally dealing with a deadbeat seller on eBay. The auction ended and I sent payment on August 22, and there was an estimated shipping time of 3-8 business days. He hasn't responded to any of my messages about this. The guy had 100% positive feedback as of then, but now negative feedback's coming in with people saying the same stuff.
This was only for a handheld vacuum cleaner that cost me $10, but I want my money back.
Looking for a guide on the subject, I found this: http://reviews.ebay.com/WIN-YOUR-CLAIM-AGAINST-DEAD-BEAT-SELLERS_W0QQugidZ10000000001863725
Guide posted:
* By using PayPal, you have an automatic dispute channel. Their are two different services and the one they advertise has a fee that is fairly high and unless your buying $100+ items, it exceeds the cost of the original price. The one I use has No Fee, and I file my version of the complaint and the seller has X days to respond. Often they do not respond and I automatically win. This results in a refund from their PayPal account or opens the door to my bank credit card dispute department.
Does anyone know what channel this guy's talking about? It sounds like a good idea here.


I'm looking for the name for a type of music.
It's kind of like a saloon/burlesque/silent movie happy piano sounding type of music.
It sounds kind of like this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffwVKDP8nzQ
Anyone know what I should be googling?

Recently I have been needing to give clients high res versions of full sets of photos and I am tired of driving a DVD to them, what is the best online option for storing full sets of photos that can be downloaded right from the site?

Is there a word or technical term for eating a large meal, knowing you're full, but feeling hungrier then when you started eating? I've got it pretty bad right now, like I know I'm full but it feels like I'm starving.

Anyone know how the law surrounding MP3s works in the United States? I know that the format is proprietary, but that it's permissible to encode things in MP3 format for personal use. When looking up licencing costs, it appears that you can buy a license to A) Have your software encode/decode MP3s, B) Stream MP3s, or C) Include MP3s in a game. I want to encode some personally recorded WAVs as MP3s using the LAME codec, and offer them for download from a for-profit business website. I am not making money off of the MP3s themselves; however, I think they add value to a service that I provide, which I am making money off of.
As far as I can tell, the actual patent surrounds the encoding and decoding of the MP3s - if I'm not doing that, I'm in the clear. And my business model certainly doesn't revolve around the encoding/decoding process; I'd do that once, and stick the files up for download. I'm not sure if I can use the LAME codec, though. Anyone have any idea or experience in this matter? I could put my files up in a WAV codec; however, my files end up about 15-20x larger, and this costs me both in bandwidth and degraded user experience.

I saw a sport on TV yesterday that I haven't seen before. It was somewhat like lacrosse, but instead of a net, the end of the stick had a sort of paddle that was a little canted. Also, you could pick the ball up and carry it for a while. Anyone know what this is?


What is the word for the opposite of a rhetorical question--a question that seeks an answer? I know I've heard it before, but the brain fails me.

Does anyone know of a pharmacy chain in Canada that charges little or nothing for filling fees.

Do restaurant chains like Chili's, Applebee's, TGI Friday's, etc, actually employ cooks/chefs in their kitchens who legitimately prepare the food? Or do they serve you what amounts to basically glorified TV dinners?


Which is the better sounding sentence?
The Task Force currently has 25 parolees that have been involved with the program since March.
Since March, twenty-five parolees have been involved with the Task Force program.

So my fiance and I came home after work to find our house smelling, well... fruity, for lack of a better word. It smells like fruity candy or something, but we can't figure out why. It didn't smell like that when we left for work earlier in the day.. Its going to sound weird, but is there anything "bad" that could cause a fruity/sweet smell, like some sort of mold or something? Its kinda getting to me, and the rooms its affecting still have the scent of whatever it is when we walk into them hours after first noticing it.

Where's a good place (either a forum here or a site in general) to ask questions about buying a surround sound system and receiver?

Why is Greece (the country) called "Greece" in English? Looking at Google Maps, it looks like the local name for it is "Eλλάς", which (I think) would be pronounced "ellas" or "hellas", which isn't even close to "Greece." Where'd out name for it come from

At the risk of sounding like an emo ***, I was wondering if anyone knows any good places to order clove cigarettes online from? I ordered 2 cases of Djarums from salecheapcigarettes.com and they shipped me 5 cartons of some other kind of clove. I am just kind of looking for a reliable place to order from.
Yes, I'm emo. Let's just get that out of the way.

What is your general opinion of the University of Tennessee?

Is there a place I can download that crappy explosion that is clipped into every episode of Aqua Teen Hungerforce? Or one like it?

Can someone tell me how this guy is trying to scam me?
I've posted an ad on Craigslist about a ring that I am trying to sell, and he emailed me about it, but stated that he is out of the country, buying the ring for his daughter (which immediately struck me as weird because it's an engagement ring...) and so he would like to PayPal me the funds. He hasn't asked me to ship the ring or anything yet, and my PayPal email address is the email he's been communicating with me to, so I just don't understand what he's trying to accomplish by saying he will send me money and not sending the money/not recieving a product???
I'll show you guys an email he sent me, the way he writes immediately started ringing alarm bells. I know he's trying to scam me somehow, but HOW???

Economics question: What is the value of gold and why do people rely it to back up their money? Isn't gold largely cosmetic? I find it hard to understand the worth of gold and why it should have value...Theoretically, could we just use cheeseburgers as currency? Wouldn't it just be better to have something that has actual value, like RAM Chips or something?

On Sunday September 26, a person I know needs to get something notarized. They will be staying at a hotel just down the street from New York City's Jacob Javits Convention Center.
Does anyone from the New York area know about where the nearest notary is located, or any other sort of help ful info? A call to the hotel's front desk got me absolutely nowhere since the front desk person kept suggesting banks and other places that will obviously be closed on Sunday. They suggested that my person could just ask at the front desk when they arrive, but the phone call suggests that the front desk will be less than helpful.
Does anyone local have any ideas?
Is there a freeform concierge service that operates in the NYC area that makes stuff like this happen for business travelers?

Looking for a free messageboard hosting service, like proboards, which meets the following criteria:
- allows admins to merge threads
- has decentish support
- has an 'ignore user' function
- does not put those contextual ads all over the text (where a random word is highlighted with a link to a Google ad or somesuch)
Any and all suggestions gratefully accepted and I hope this is not a complete fantasy.   Alternately, if one were to put up a messageboard on one's own hosting, which bboard package does all (or most) of this?

My cat peed on a chair and I sprinkled vinnegar on the chair to get rid of the cat pee smell, but now my apartment smells like vinnegar. Is there something I can use to neutralize the vinnegar? I Febreezed it to bejeezus and back and it still smells.

How do I remove my credit card information from steam? Whenever I go to the my account section, all I see is a transaction history

After washing a few shirts of mine and then letting them air-dry, they smell strongly of detergent. I usually use the dryer and never noticed such a smell.
Is this normal for air-drying clothing?

First off, is it just me or is the forum periodically going down?
Second, is there a way to actively auto-tune or pitch adjust my voice? That is, I talk into my computer microphone and the person i'm skyping with hears it autotuned or pitch lowered? It's for a joke.

The cushions come off of my sectional sofa. A dog I'm dogsitting decided he would like to piss on one of them.
Since I can take them off, where can I take them to get the urine and eventual canine murder blood to be removed? I know that carpet cleaning companies can do it, but their prices are a massive rip off.

What are the rules to use a credit card? My boss rotinely gives his credit card to his junior manager for him to go to the store and buy stuff for meetings. How can he use his credit card? aren't they supposed to ask for ID?
My aunt wants me to go to the store and buy stuff for her, she gives me her ID and the credit card. So if they ask for ID I show them her card?

Question for people familiar with Indonesian stuff (or where I may find them): Is there a difference between regular Kecap Manis and Kecap Manis Rasa Mantaap, and if so, what does Rasa Mantaap mean?

How do I figure out what generation a Kindle is?

Does anyone know where I could get some good fingerless gloves? Not the hipster crap that doesn't actually provide any warmth. Almost all of what I'm finding is either motorcycle gloves (not very warm, too much padding) or work gloves (same issue). I need gloves that will keep my hands warm but still allow me to type. It's pretty cold and I have mediocre blood circulation. I want them to not go far up my wrist. So I pretty much want these but warm. A lot of the knitted gloves get pulls and wear out really quickly, especially if I'm wearing them often.

Any recommendations for permanent hair dyes of non-traditional colors?
my friend is going to dye theirs soon. I know hot topic carries dyes, but I don't really trust them to carry the best quality stuff.


A couple years ago I found a mod for Oblivion on the forums which was basically a joke book of spells which would break your game hilariously. There was one that would summon a horse 50 feet over the target, which would then whinny and crush them. One made everyone naked. Another turned people into giants, or midgets, or sheep (even essential NPC characters). Where can I find this?

I gotta keep this quick hopefully it's enough if not I'll elaborate later, but what is the deal with taxes and being a student? My friend and I have gotten in an argument about paying taxes recently; last year I didn't have to pay any taxes (with a job and as a college student) and when I asked my dad he said something about new legislation by Obama and left it at that. At the time I just said whatever, but now my friend is saying he payed taxes last year and I was trying to tell him he shouldn't be (other then social and medicare or whatever) and we got in this argument, so can anyone provide more insight, actual laws or something?


^ drop shadow?
Has anyone who played Mario 3 heard about this super rare 'Coin ship'? My sister got it today on the Wii and is super excited because it's this ship full of just coins and no enemies and you just run around it. I consider myself pretty familiar with games and famous game glitches or worlds, but I have never heard of this thing before. The internet also has next to nothing about any 'money boat' or 'coin ship'.
Can anyone else verify this or should I tell my sister she's making things up.

I've got a memory of an old sketch from a British TV show (not Monty Python or Benny Hill, I think) involving three men. They stand on a stage and roleplay. Left to right, they are a medieval serf, a Rennaissance scholar, and a modern man. They all express their answers to things like religion and science, and on the science question the serf merely answers, "I am a poor, ignorant serf."
Anyone know what this was from/have a YouTube vid of the sketch?

Does anybody have that Sponegebob Squarepants gif or YouTube video that's some nightmarish monster changing into various forms? I've tried various arrangements of sponegebob monster scary creepy on YouTube but I can't find it. Thanks!


Someone wrote this on my neighbor's driveway. She was worried but I told her it was gibberish.
I figured someone on the internet might be able to decipher it or at least provide an amusing translation.
What does it mean???

I...I feel stupid. How do I add someone on Facebook? I tried searching for their email and name but no go. Do I just 'like' them on their wall?

What would I search for to find shoes like this? They look like slippers that end at the ankle, but had a rubber sole meant for walking outside. They were also made of that sweater knit that's been popular for a little while now. I want to say they looked like moccasins but it was a mixup between them and slippers.


Where did "SOMETHINGAWFUL DOT COM!" (as in yelling that) come from?
I think it was some thread where a goon wrote about his IRL interaction with real humans and he yelled that out as a final parting, sorta like a gang member would yell out "5th street crips!" after a drive-by.

